What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

	A new system subdirectory is created to hold the metadata needed for the 
	repository. The repository begins without any commits. This is needed so 
	that git has a place to record the contents and history of the new 
	repository.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository?
What value do you think it offers?

	The staging area is a logical entity. That makes it different from the working 
	directory, which is a physical directory. The working directory physically 
	stores the hidden repository metadata (.git/...), the latest version of files 
	that have been added to the repository (versions that may or may not have been 
	committed yet), and any unlinked files that happen to be kept in the same 
	directory. The unlinked files may or may not be related to the repository's 
	project, but they are not officially part of the repository until they are 
	explicitly added to it.

	The repository, which is defined by the metadata stored in the .git/ 
	subdirectory of the working directory, is also a physical entity, though it's 
	a little more complex than a physical directory: the repository is made up of 
	(1) all the files that are both in the working directory and have been "add"ed 
	to the repository's metadata, along with (2) the system files stored in .git/, 
	which store the information that defines the present state and working history 
	of all the contents of the repository.

	The value of this logical entity called the staging area is that it lets us think 
	of all things that have changed since the last commit as being "parked" in a 
	"place" and waiting to be actively included in the project history. We can scan 
	the staging area to see what changes belong together in andother logical entity, 
	the next commit.


How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical
change?

	As you work on an issue (bug, new feature, or whatever), you should be sure 
	to add each file you modfy to the staging area, as the first change is 
	stored. As the logical unit is completed, a quick status will remind you 
	which files have been touched. Before moving on to the next logical unit 
	of change, a commit should be made, documenting the changes that were made 
	and why they were done.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history
organized? How would branches help?

	1) If I'm working independently of other people in a project, brances let 
	us each track the logical setpoints in our journey, while giving us a 
	chance to merge our independent changes at a later time, when the sum of 
	each branch's changes is ready for release.

	2) If I'm working on one problem, but another unrelated problem surfaces 
	(in my work on in others' work within the project), I can suspend my 
	current work, go back and create a branch off the mainline code, fix the 
	"interruption", and then resume my original work. When I finish the work 
	reflected in each branch I can determine how best to integrate its' 
	results into the greater project. This also allies to experimental changes, 
	which may never be integrated into the production version ("dead ends").

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

	Visual depiction of the ancestor/offspring relationships among commits 
	emphasizes the linearity of each branch's history and the relationship 
	of changes (commits) made along each branch. it also adds a visual link 
	at the point that each branch diverges from its parent.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in
the diagram the way we do?

	The files in the resulting commit reflect the changes made in both 
	branches. Where git can automatically tell what changes to apply from 
	each branch, it does so. When it can't, it asks.

	The diagram shows that the result is a child of the last commit in each 
	branch. That represents the combining of the two branches back into a 
	single branch.

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges
manually?

	git handles the parts of a merge that don't have conflicts without 
	requiring attention. That's handy. Where there are lines that conflict, 
	git marks them in a fashion that you can find them and (hopefully!) 
	resolve differences. That is definitely bettter than trying to read 
	through pages of code to spot where the changes are.

	Two "cons" come to mind. First, small changes can get lost in the 
	background. For example, the change of a "3" to a "2" in our class 
	example was made in a paragraph of code that was different between 
	branches. The functionality where that change was made had moved from 
	inline code to a called function. I had to remember that the change was 
	needed there and make it, or the branch would have lost what made it 
	different. So the automated comparison, while it's accurate in flagging 
	what's different, may not always tell the whole story. Buyer beware.